All right, so we learn a lot in this section, we built a trivia app from scratch.
There's a lot of moving parts.
We learn about clean architecture, how to further set up our apps for success in many ways.
And we also learn about how to price data.
Jason data, of course, using retrofit library and other libraries that come with it.
And of course, we improved our user interface design using compose.
Now, this is not a final application, meaning there are a lot of things you can do and add to it to
make it your own and improve upon it as an exercise.
So that's what I would recommend you do.
But for now, thank you so much for your time, and I hope you learned something from this section and
I hope that you, if anything, you got inspired to go out there and learn more about compose and how
to build awesome apps.
Very well, thank you, and I'll see you next time.